#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
astor==0.8.1
    # via paddlepaddle
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paddleocr
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.1.3
    # via paddleocr
decorator==5.2.1
    # via paddlepaddle
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via anyio
faiss-cpu==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fire==0.7.1
    # via paddleocr
fonttools==4.59.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   paddleocr
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via paddlepaddle
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
imgaug==0.4.0
    # via paddleocr
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lmdb==1.7.3
    # via paddleocr
lxml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-docx
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.5
    # via imgaug
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-contrib-python
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   paddleocr
    #   paddlepaddle
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   shapely
    #   tifffile
    #   transformers
opencv-contrib-python==4.11.0.86
    # via paddleocr
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   paddleocr
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via paddlepaddle
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   transformers
paddleocr==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
paddlepaddle==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   paddleocr
    #   paddlepaddle
    #   scikit-image
    #   sentence-transformers
protobuf==3.20.2
    # via paddlepaddle
psutil==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyclipper==1.3.0.post6
    # via paddleocr
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via fastapi
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via matplotlib
python-docx==1.2.0
    # via paddleocr
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via uvicorn
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   paddleocr
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
rapidfuzz==3.13.0
    # via paddleocr
regex==2025.7.34
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   paddleocr
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   paddleocr
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==2.1.1
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   paddleocr
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
starlette==0.47.3
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.3
    # via torch
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via fire
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.5.10
    # via scikit-image
tokenizers==0.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   paddleocr
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.55.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
